# Cohesity Database backup/dump Sample Script
### ***Warning: this code is provided on a best effort basis and is not in any way officially supported or sanctioned by Cohesity. The code in this repository is provided as-is and the author accepts no liability for damages resulting from its use.***

The bash scripts in the oracle/nfs, oracle/oim, oracle/sbt, and oracle/cohesityadapter folders can be used either to generate RMAN commands exclusively or to generate and execute RMAN commands for working with the Cohesity platform. When the "\-w yes" option is included as part of the input, it generates RMAN commands and stores them in a CSV file with a suffix in the \<bash script directory\>/log/\<oracle server name\> directory, based on the provided inputs. Without the "\-w yes" option, the bash script will execute the generated RMAN commands.

The bash script in the oracle/datapump folders can be used either to generate Oracle export commands exclusively or generate and execute Oracle export commands for working with the Cohesity platform. When the "\-w yes" is included as part of the input, it generates Oracle export commands and stores them in a CSV file with a suffix in the \<bash script directory\>/log/\<oracle server name\> directory, based on the provided inputs. Without the "\-w yes" option, the bash script will execute the generated Oracle export commands. 

The bash script in the sybase folders can be used either to generate Sybase dump commands exclusively  or generate and executeSybase dump commands for working with the Cohesity platform. When the "\-w yes" is included as part of the input, it generates Sybase dump commands and stores them in a CSV file with a suffix in the \<bash script directory\>/log/\sybase server name\> directory, based on the provided inputs. Without the "\-w yes" option, the bash script will execute the generated Sybase dump commands. 

The bash script in the db2 folders can be used either to generate DB2 backup commands exclusively  or generate and executeSybase backup commands for working with the Cohesity NFS mount. When the "\-w yes" is included as part of the input, it generates DB2 backup commands and stores them in a CSV file with a suffix in the \<bash script directory\>/log/\DN2 server name\> directory, based on the provided inputs. Without the "\-w yes" option, the bash script will execute the generated DB2 backup commands. 


